Added device activity monitoring (#117)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/attacks/timing-attacks/execution-timing.md

}
```

## Monitoring device activity

> Changes in performance can leak device activity,
> Since certain actions like print(), URL navigations, downloads, new tab and other tasks have a detectable effect on CPU performance.
> This maybe useful for XS-Search attacks where theres more CPU usage after a search (for loading the results)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes in performance could be potentially used to infer information about device'd activity.
For example, some actions such as print(), URL navigations, downloads have an observable effect on CPU performance and are good candidates for measurements. 
```
